[ET-1614] - Display the Webhook validation response from Stripe for TicketsCommerce. (#2522)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Fixed the order of tickets in an event changing when you haven't manually requested it. [ET-1568]
* Fix - Fixed shared capacity tickets only showing the lowest capacity between the shared pool tickets. [ETP-815]

> * Tweak - Display the Webhook validation response from Stripe in TicketsCommerce Stripe settings. [ETP-815]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Display the Webhook validation response from Stripe in Tickets Commerce Stripe settings. [ET-1614]
```
